Here is the citation for the open source card flip game I used to implement the card flip game on my website: 
Sharma, Nawin and Thapa, Parth, Flipping Card Memory Game, 2024,
https://github.com/NawinKumarSharma/FlippingCards/tree/main . Licensed under the MIT License,
 https://github.com/NawinKumarSharma/FlippingCards/blob/main/LICENSE.</br></br>
I kept most of the html structure and code the same, with a game container for the cards and a separate div for each card, with an image for the front and back inside each div. I added some elements though; I only added a new div to display a win message and a replay button, neither of which were included in the open source. I also included a header that linked back to the main arcade page and a footer to keep it in style with the rest of my project. In the html, I also changed the images for the front and back of the cards to fit with my theme of books, using a open book icon for the back of the cards and different images pertaining to books on the front of the cards. </br></br>
For the javascript portion of the code, I added an event listener for the arrow buttons so it would select the link back to the main page to increase keyboard navigability. I also renamed, commented, and added a few new functions(resetboard) to make it more readable, but kept most of the javascript code from the open source without making significant changes to that code. I also added functionality for the replay button, which wasn't included in the original game(where you would have to reload the page to be able to replay the game), and added an event listener for it that would signal the ResetBoard function I'd added to flip over all the cards and shuffle them. I also added a global var to keep track of the number of correct pairs so that when all the cards were matched, it would display a win message. However, functionalities for flipping the cards, and checking if they were matched were mostly integrated from the open source code. </br></br>
I reworked part of the css code; I linked style.css to the html page so the page would have a similar layout as the rest of the website. I changed the background color of the cards to black to fit in with the theme of my cards.  I also kept a lot of the css code, including the code that styled the front and back of the cards and the grid layout of the cards. </br>

