Hangman Documentation
For my hangman game, I made the category famous authors to fit in with the theme of books The page was split into a left panel, with the hangman and reset game button, and a right panel, with a keyboard for the user to enter letters in and dashes where letters would appear if guessed correctly. The user would have 6 incorrect guesses when trying to guess the correct author, and at each incorrect guess a new body part would hang from the hangman.
I achieved the dynamic functionality of the page using event handlers in javascript. I added a class to a classlist each time the user pressed a button so they couldn't press it again. I also checked the button's text against the letters in the word, and used this information to show the letters if they were correct and replace the hangman image with one that was one more stage done if incorrect. Either when the user had guessed the entire name or all the incorrect guesses were used up, I had the page display a ‘you won’ or ‘you lost message. 
The javascript wasn't overly complicated but it took me a while to figure out all the logic needed and set up event handlers for each case where they were needed. The html and css were fairly simple for me to implement. I made the page responsive by having the section of the page containing the interactive keyboard take up a larger portion of the width when the page was below a certain width so that the keyboard could always fit in 3 lines on the page.
The layout of the page, with its black and white font and layout like the illustration and page in a children's book, fit well with the theme. 

FlipCoin Documentation:
For the html there's a basic structure where there's a div of clas coin, an image superposed onto the coin, a flip coin button, and a results display. The html and css was fairly simple; I used the border-radius: 50% property to get a circle for the coin, used a box-shadow property to pronounce the edge of the coin, to get the circular shape of the coin and used cover-image to superimpose the image onto the coin. 
For the javascript, I had an event listener for the flip coin button that would determine whether the coin would land on heads or tail using the random function, and then would use the setInterval javascript function to toggle between the heads and tails sides of the coin and until 2000 ms had passed, at which point it was stopped(using the setTimeout function). The switching back and forth between images mimics a coin flipping through the air. Heads was represented by a book and tails was represented by a quill pen, fitting into the aesthetic of books. The entire page was also black and white and thus fit well into the page theme.
